What are synthetic events in React?
A synthetic event is an object which acts as a cross-browser wrapper around the 
browser's native event. It combines the behavior of different browser's native event
into one API, including stopPropagation() and preventDefault().

Explain the Lists in React.
Lists are used to display data in an ordered format. In React, Lists can be created 
in a similar way as we create it in JavaScript. We can traverse the elements of the 
list using the map() function.

What is the significance of keys in React?
A key is a unique identifier. In React, it is used to identify which items have changed,
updated, or deleted from the Lists. It is useful when we dynamically created components
or when the users alter the lists. It also helps to determine which components in a 
collection needs to be re-rendered instead of re-rendering the entire set of components
every time. It increases application performance.

How are forms created in React?
Forms allow the users to interact with the application as well as gather information 
from the users. Forms can perform many tasks such as user authentication, adding user
searching, filtering, etc. A form can contain text fields, buttons, checkbox, radio 
button, etc.

What are the different phases of React component's lifecycle?
The different phases of React component's lifecycle are:
Initial Phase: It is the birth phase of the React lifecycle when the component starts
its journey on a way to the DOM. In this phase, a component contains the default 
Props and initial State. These default properties are done in the constructor of a 
component.
Mounting Phase: In this phase, the instance of a component is created and added into 
the DOM.
Updating Phase: It is the next phase of the React lifecycle. In this phase, we get 
new Props and change State. This phase can potentially update and re-render only when
a prop or state change occurs. The main aim of this phase is to ensure that the 
component is displaying the latest version of itself. This phase repeats again and 
again.
Unmounting Phase: It is the final phase of the React lifecycle, where the component 
instance is destroyed and unmounted(removed) from the DOM.


What are Pure Components?
Pure components introduced in React 15.3 version. The React.Component and React.
PureComponent differ in the shouldComponentUpdate() React lifecycle method. This 
method decides the re-rendering of the component by returning a boolean value (true 
or false). In React.Component, shouldComponentUpdate() method returns true by default.